Wife, why did you get off work so early today?
There is nothing going on in the company today,
Husband, I was downstairs just now,
Who is that girl with you?
How can I see you?
You said, please call Miss, she is a customer of our company.
Yes, she is the younger sister of the president of the love group, Zheng Chi.
If our company can cooperate with Qingshi Group, then for sure,
Will go to the next level.
It’s too late to be in love with the president.
Welcome classmates
Welcome for a long time
Graduation is about to happen
so i want
Don't worry, senior
I can't forget it, keep it up
I have no idea
Full of happy wife An Xiang
What's wrong? It's hard to move.
you know emotions
I just thought of a group
There is a senior
Also called love words, but
Probably the same name
It must be the same name
How can you possibly know your emotional wife? Actually
I have something to say
Our company
If you want to cooperate with emotions
Need a lot of money
But our company has no money anymore
Can you lend me 100,000 yuan for my husband first?
Recently, I have been talking about being smaller than not being small.
I don’t have the money to curse.
Isn’t it that our dad’s is also made of gold?
How about a husband borrowed by Qian Qian’s mother?
That's my dad
Leave my mother's death with gold
Why are you so tight? Ye Banxia
Isn't it because of you and your son Pingman?
Zero hundred thousand yuan
You are not willing to give it to me
What did you say?
Where does your money go?
How do you love noodles?
Thinking about men with other eyes
Do you think of me that way?
Then tell me about your money
Where is the wreath?
I don't think so, even if I mention it.
I've actually been with you for a long time
When I started my business and had no money, I went to meet your father.
Your dad doesn't want to give it
Now I'll meet you before school
I don't want to give it either
You don’t treat me as one of your own, right?
I am, bro
In fact, my father secretly
Help you go abroad to marry
It's just that you don't know
I don't care about those
Press if you still think you are a wife
I'll give you one hundred thousand from me
But that is our demon sister
Don’t recognize me anymore
Wife, am I in your heart?
Just a cash machine